.\" mdm.1 - MDM Display Manager
.\" Copyright 2003  Red Hat, Inc.
.TH MDM 1 "Aug 21 2003" "MDM 2.4.2.102"
.SH NAME
MDM \- The MDM Display Manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mdm [options]
.br
.B mdmsetup [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
MDM is a replacement for XDM, the X Display Manager. Unlike its
competitors (X3DM, KDM, WDM) MDM was written from scratch and
does not contain any original XDM / X Consortium code.  MDM runs and
manages the X servers for both local and remote logins (using XDMCP).
See https://github.com/linuxmint/mdm/ for more details.
.P
.B mdm
is main executable.
.B mdmsetup
is a graphical tool for easily changing the most commonly
used options.
.P
For full documentation see the GNOME help browser
under the
.B Applications / System Tools
section.
.SH OPTIONS
.B mdm
and thus also
.B mdm
accept the following options:
.TP
.BI \-nodaemon
Do not fork into the background
.TP
.BI \-\-no\-console
No console (local) servers to be run
.TP
.BI \-\-preserve\-ld\-vars
Preserve LD_* variables
.TP
.BI \-\-version
Print the MDM version
.TP
.BI \-\-help
Print simple description of accepted options
.P
.B mdmsetup
accepts all standard GNOME options.
.SH CONFIGURATION
Configuration is done either by running
.B mdmsetup
or by editting the /etc/X11/mdm/mdm.conf (usually,
could also be /etc/mdm/mdm.conf) file.  The graphical
tool does not support all the options possible so
editting the configuration file is sometimes necessary.
.SH AUTHOR
.B MDM
is being written and maintained by George (Jiri) Lebl <jirka@5z.com>
based on the original codebase by Martin K. Peterson <mkp@mkp.net>.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR X (7x),
.BR xdm (1),
.BR Xsecurity (7x),
.BR Xserver (1),
